pack envs into the archive (#313)
Anaconda-Platform/anaconda-project: docs/source/user-guide/tasks/create-project-archive.rst

        557  06-10-2016 10:33   iris/iris_plot/main.py
  ---------                     -------
       6003                     5 files

Extracting the archive file
===========================

It is recommended that you unarchive Anaconda Project bundles using

> the ``unarchive`` command::

Reviewer: I'd explain why. People need a motivation for something they would otherwise think they know how to do using their usual tools.

Reviewer 2: Honestly, I've been using `anaconda-project` for many years and until this PR I didn't even know that `unarchive` existed. Allowing OSX to extract archives never caused me problems so unless there is something important I have been missing all along (which seems unlikely!) I consider `unarchive` as being included a command included for completeness. It is probably the easiest option in a CLI with no GUI but otherwise I'm not sure why it needs to be recommended as opposed to available when needed.

  anaconda-project unarchive <bundle>

This will unarchive any compression format (``.zip``, ``.tar.gz``, and
``.tar.bz2``) on all supported platforms.

Experimental: Packaging environments
====================================

> There are cases where it may be preferable to package the
> Conda environments directly into the archive. For example,
> when the target system cannot connect to the repository to
> download and install packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are cases where it may be preferable to package the
Conda environments directly into the archive. For example,
you may want to support uses where the target system cannot
connect to the repository to download and install packages.
```

(wasn't a sentence before)
